getting-started.md, before:

# Getting Started

## Installation
Phoenix can be used in browser, node and native script environments. To get started install Phoenix using `npm` or `yarn` by executing this command in your project directory:
```bash
# Using npm
npm install --save phoenix  

# Using yarn
yarn add phoenix 
```

## Importing the library

```js
// ESM (might require babel / browserify)
import Phoenix from 'phoenix';  

// CommonJS
const Phoenix = require('phoenix'); 
```


## Connecting to a web3 provider
To interact with the EVM, Phoenix requires a valid websockets Web3 provider.

```js
const eventSyncer = new Phoenix(web3.currentProvider);
eventSyncer.init().then(() => {
  // Track data!
});
```

In addition to the provider, `Phoenix` also accepts an `options` object with settings that can change its behavior:
- `dbFilename` - Name of the database where the information will be stored (default `'phoenix.db'`)
- `callInterval` - Interval of time in milliseconds to query a contract/address to determine changes in state or balance (default: `undefined`. Obtains data every block).


## Reacting to data
Once it's initialized, you can use Phoenix's methods to track the contract state, events and balances. These functions return RxJS Observables which you can subscribe to, and obtain and transform the observed data via operators.

::: tip What is an Observable?
The `Observable` type can be used to model push-based data sources such as DOM events, timer intervals, and sockets. In addition, observables are:
- Compositional: Observables can be composed with higher-order combinators.
- Lazy: Observables do not start emitting data until an observer has subscribed.
:::

#### Further read
- [RxJS Observables](https://rxjs-dev.firebaseapp.com/guide/observable)


### Tracking a contract's state
You can track changes to the contract state, by specifying the view function and arguments to call and query the contract. 
```js
const contractObject = ...; // A web3.eth.Contract object initialized with an address and ABI.
const functionName = "..."; // string containing the name of the contract's constant/view function to track.
const functionArgs = []; // array containing the arguments of the function to track. Optional
const callOptions = {from: web3.eth.defaultAccount}; //  Options used for calling. Only `from`, `gas` and `gasPrice` are accepted. Optional

const myObservable$ = eventSyncer.trackProperty(contractObject, functionName, functionArgs, callOptions);
```

::: tip Tracking the public variables of a contract
State variables implicity create a `view` function when they're defined as `public`. The `functionName` would be the same as the variable name, and `functionArgs` would have a value when the type is a `mapping` or `array` (since these require an index value to query them).
:::


### Tracking contract events
You can track events and react to their returned values.
```js
const contractObject = ...; // A web3.eth.Contract object initialized with an address and ABI.
const eventName = "..."; // string containing the name of the event to track.
const options = { filter: { }, fromBlock: 1 }; // options used to query the events. Optional

const myEventObservable$ = eventSyncer.trackEvent(contractObject, eventName, options)

```



### Tracking balances of addresses
You can also track changes in both ETH and ERC20 token balances for each mined block or time interval depending on the `callInterval` configured. 

```js
// Tracking ETH balance
const address = "0x0001020304050607080900010203040506070809";

eventSyncer
  .trackBalance(address)
  .subscribe((balance) => {
    console.log("ETH balance is ", balance)
  });
```

```js
// Tracking ERC20 balance
const address = "0x0001020304050607080900010203040506070809";
const tokenAddress = "0x744d70fdbe2ba4cf95131626614a1763df805b9e"; // SNT Address

const myBalanceObservable$ = eventSyncer.trackBalance(address, tokenAddress);
```
::: warning 
Balances are returned as a string containing the value in *wei*.
:::

## Subscriptions
Once you have an `Observable`, you may receive a stream of data by creating a subscription.Subscriptions are triggered each time an observable emits a new value. These subscription receive a callback that must have a parameter which represents the value received from the observable (a contract state variable, an event, or the balance of an address);  and they return an object representing the subscription.

Subscriptions can be disposed by executing the method `unsubscribe()` liberating the resource held by it:

```js
const myBalanceObservable$ = eventSyncer.trackBalance(address, tokenAddress);
const subscription = myBalanceObservable$.subscribe(value => { 
  console.log("The balance is: ", value); 
});

// ...

subscription.unsubscribe();
```

#### Further read
- [RxJS Subscriptions](https://rxjs-dev.firebaseapp.com/guide/subscription)


## Cleanup
If Phoenix is not needed anymore, you need can invoke `close()` to dispose and perform the cleanup necessary to remove the internal subscriptions and interval timers created by Phoenix during its normal execution, thus avoiding any potential memory leak.

```
eventSyncer.close();
```
::: warning What about subscriptions created with our observables?
Any subscription created via the tracking methods must be unsubscribed manually (in the current version).
:::

Commit message:

fix: renaming Phoenix to Subspace pt1.

getting-started.md, after:

# Getting Started

## Installation
**Subspace** can be used in browser, node and native script environments. To get started install the package `phoenix` using `npm` or `yarn` by executing this command in your project directory:
```bash
# Using npm
npm install --save phoenix  

# Using yarn
yarn add phoenix 
```

## Importing the library

```js
// ESM (might require babel / browserify)
import Phoenix from 'phoenix';  

// CommonJS
const Phoenix = require('phoenix'); 
```


## Connecting to a web3 provider
To interact with the EVM, **Subspace** requires a valid websockets Web3 provider.

```js
const eventSyncer = new Phoenix(web3.currentProvider);
eventSyncer.init().then(() => {
  // Track data!
});
```

In addition to the provider, `Subspace` also accepts an `options` object with settings that can change its behavior:
- `dbFilename` - Name of the database where the information will be stored (default `'subspace.db'`)
- `callInterval` - Interval of time in milliseconds to query a contract/address to determine changes in state or balance (default: `undefined`. Obtains data every block).


## Reacting to data
Once it's initialized, you can use **Subspace**'s methods to track the contract state, events and balances. These functions return RxJS Observables which you can subscribe to, and obtain and transform the observed data via operators.

::: tip What is an Observable?
The `Observable` type can be used to model push-based data sources such as DOM events, timer intervals, and sockets. In addition, observables are:
- Compositional: Observables can be composed with higher-order combinators.
- Lazy: Observables do not start emitting data until an observer has subscribed.
:::

#### Further read
- [RxJS Observables](https://rxjs-dev.firebaseapp.com/guide/observable)


### Tracking a contract's state
You can track changes to the contract state, by specifying the view function and arguments to call and query the contract. 
```js
const contractObject = ...; // A web3.eth.Contract object initialized with an address and ABI.
const functionName = "..."; // string containing the name of the contract's constant/view function to track.
const functionArgs = []; // array containing the arguments of the function to track. Optional
const callOptions = {from: web3.eth.defaultAccount}; //  Options used for calling. Only `from`, `gas` and `gasPrice` are accepted. Optional

const myObservable$ = eventSyncer.trackProperty(contractObject, functionName, functionArgs, callOptions);
```

::: tip Tracking the public variables of a contract
State variables implicity create a `view` function when they're defined as `public`. The `functionName` would be the same as the variable name, and `functionArgs` would have a value when the type is a `mapping` or `array` (since these require an index value to query them).
:::


### Tracking contract events
You can track events and react to their returned values.
```js
const contractObject = ...; // A web3.eth.Contract object initialized with an address and ABI.
const eventName = "..."; // string containing the name of the event to track.
const options = { filter: { }, fromBlock: 1 }; // options used to query the events. Optional

const myEventObservable$ = eventSyncer.trackEvent(contractObject, eventName, options)

```



### Tracking balances of addresses
You can also track changes in both ETH and ERC20 token balances for each mined block or time interval depending on the `callInterval` configured. 

```js
// Tracking ETH balance
const address = "0x0001020304050607080900010203040506070809";

eventSyncer
  .trackBalance(address)
  .subscribe((balance) => {
    console.log("ETH balance is ", balance)
  });
```

```js
// Tracking ERC20 balance
const address = "0x0001020304050607080900010203040506070809";
const tokenAddress = "0x744d70fdbe2ba4cf95131626614a1763df805b9e"; // SNT Address

const myBalanceObservable$ = eventSyncer.trackBalance(address, tokenAddress);
```
::: warning 
Balances are returned as a string containing the value in *wei*.
:::

## Subscriptions
Once you have an `Observable`, you may receive a stream of data by creating a subscription.Subscriptions are triggered each time an observable emits a new value. These subscription receive a callback that must have a parameter which represents the value received from the observable (a contract state variable, an event, or the balance of an address);  and they return an object representing the subscription.

Subscriptions can be disposed by executing the method `unsubscribe()` liberating the resource held by it:

```js
const myBalanceObservable$ = eventSyncer.trackBalance(address, tokenAddress);
const subscription = myBalanceObservable$.subscribe(value => { 
  console.log("The balance is: ", value); 
});

// ...

subscription.unsubscribe();
```

#### Further read
- [RxJS Subscriptions](https://rxjs-dev.firebaseapp.com/guide/subscription)


## Cleanup
If **Subspace** is not needed anymore, you need can invoke `close()` to dispose and perform the cleanup necessary to remove the internal subscriptions and interval timers created by **Subspace** during its normal execution, thus avoiding any potential memory leak.

```
eventSyncer.close();
```
::: warning What about subscriptions created with our observables?
Any subscription created via the tracking methods must be unsubscribed manually (in the current version).
:::
